Testing Results:
Red - trained on only red
100red(50000 SA pairs)- 30%
100red (5x Epoch)     - 50%
100red(65000 SA pairs)- 20% - had increased epoch 10x, prob overfit to training
50red (25000 SA pairs)- 70%
25red (12500 SA pairs)- 60%
10red (5000 SA pairs) - 40%

Red - Tested on Blue
50red (25000 SA pairs)- 10%

Red - Tested on Multicolor
50red (25000 SA pairs)- 0%

50Multicolored - Tested on Multicolor
50multicolor (32500 SA pairs)- 0%
50broad_multicolor (32500 SA pairs)- 0% - had some robot movement towards goals
100broad_multicolor (80000 SA pairs)- 0% all 3 versions
                                             v2  had the arm move towards blocks

1.  I trained multiple datasets with varying numbers of examples. In our
    previous homework, we saw that a model with 20k state-action (SA)
    pairs achieved a score of 80%. Here, our model, “50red,” achieved a
    score of 70% with 25k SA pairs. It needed more data to perform
    similarly to our previous imitation learning method. I am not too
    surprised by this because HW7’s implementation was trained directly
    on robot and cube position pairs, so all the model had to do was map
    those pairs to actions. This implementation is more difficult
    because, instead of using positions, the computer has to infer
    actions from two images. There is more information to process, and
    it is therefore harder to extract the important data needed to
    output good actions.

2.  The first video, “50red tested on blue cubes,” tested our
    50-red-cube dataset on only blue cubes. It did not know what to do,
    and it got lucky once—hence the 10% success rate. The second video,
    “50red tested on multicolor cubes,” performed just as badly and even
    missed a red cube. The models did always move downward, so at least
    they all got closer to the cubes than where they started, but they
    did not seem to know what to do after that. The last video used a
    model trained on different colored cubes called “50multicolor tested
    on multicolor,” which yielded very interesting results: it got a 0%.
    It still did not know what to do. I think the model still cared
    about the color of the block it saw, and maybe it encountered new
    colors during testing and did not know how to react. I decided to
    gather a dataset where the block changed color every step in the
    training distribution. I called this dataset broad_multicolor and
    tested it on different colored cubes that did not change every step,
    but instead changed every round (like normal). Unfortunately, this
    also did not seem to work, even when the model was allowed to train
    longer. Sometimes it seemed like it would move toward the box, which
    showed improvement compared to always moving straight down, and this
    led me to believe that the model needed more data. I retrained this
    model with 100 examples, giving it 80k SA pairs—the largest and most
    diverse training dataset I had made. Unfortunately, this still did
    not help, so I then considered that the way the model was trained
    might not be ideal. I trained one model with more epochs (v1) and
    another with a smaller learning rate (v2), thinking the loss
    function might be bouncing around and unable to converge. V1 was no
    good. V2 showed movement toward the blocks, but it had trouble with
    precise movement near them. I think adding more data and letting it
    train a little longer would help with that. I woudl do this, but 
    training took around 2hrs, and adding more data and training for longer
    is very time consuming, so I left it at this. 

3.  The training distribution is incredibly important, but so are the
    number of examples and the amount of good training data. The broad
    distribution still struggled to reach the blue blocks despite having
    almost 3x the training data. I think this is because the model still
    seems to care about block color. So when it saw blue, I assume it
    was trying to draw from how it had previously reacted to blue blocks
    rather than simply trying to reach a block in general. This would
    limit the model’s ability to reach blue blocks. If we know we are 
    only picking up one color cube, I'd train it on just red or varaints 
    of red whihc reduce the burden on the model to care about color and
    focus more on actaully moving the robot closer to the cubes.
