1. Familiarize yourself with the code. Determine how to modify each of the following parameters, 
and explain what changing those parameters will do:
    - The number of hidden layers and the size of each layer
    - The number of epochs and the learning rate
    - The batch size

    The hidden layers are essentially layers of nodes with weights that determine how important certain inputs are.
    These weights change during training. The size of each layer determines how many nodes it contains. The larger
    the model, the more likely it is to memorize state-action pairs and overfit to the training data. Can edit the 
    size and number in the models.py file.

    Typically, two hidden layers can learn any non-linear function.

    An epoch is a unit of training that represents one full pass through the dataset. It essentially determines how
    long the model is trained (along with batch size). These can be edited in the train_policy.py file

    The learning rate determines how much the model’s weights are updated during training. Larger learning rates allow
    the model to learn faster, but they can make it harder to converge to a good solution. Optimizers like Adam
    adaptively adjust this during training. This can be edited in the train_policy.py file


2. Train your robot to pick up blocks that are initialized in a small distribution (e.g., in a 
radius of 0.1 meters). Then test your policy on a larger distribution (e.g., blocks anywhere on
the table).

    Trained on small dist, tested on large dist - 30% score ( 3/10 iterations were successful )
    
3. Repeat the previous step, but now switch the roles. Train on a wide distribution, and test on 
a narrow distribution. Consider your results for both of these steps. What does this mean about 
the training distribution?

        Trained on large dist, tested on small dist - 80% score ( 8/10 iterations were successful )

4. Vary the number of examples you use to train the robot's policy. Is more examples always better? 
How does the robot work with just one or two examples in the training set?

    With only a few examples, the model performed poorly and was only able to move to cubes it had seen
    during training. With more examples, it performed better, achieving 100% on the same test as Question 3.
    All I did was double the number of examples it could train on.

    At some point, however, additional examples would likely stop being beneficial and would only increase
    training time. For example, giving 100 training examples might not provide much improvement beyond a
    certain threshold.

5. Implement a version of DAgger where users can interrupt the robot's learned policy and correct 
its behavior. This corrected behavior should be added to the dataset and used for retraining the 
policy. Instead of having an actual "user" correct the robot, you can have an expert policy (like 
the one in get_dataset) take over to provide the correction.

    My version of takeover involved pressing the spacebar whenever I saw a deviation from what I
    expected, allowing the "expert" controller to take over. That data was logged and added to the
    training set used by the initial model. I then retrained the model and observed its performance
    without any further intervention.

    I started with a very extreme dataset containing only one example, and as expected, the model
    would only move to that one location. After retraining, it was able to achieve about 60% on the
    test, successfully reaching 6 out of 10 random blocks.

Video Notes
the titles say what distribution of cubes they got trained and tested on. The regular ones were trained of 10 examples, 10k state-action pairs. 
The last one had 2x the examples, 20 examples, 20K state-action pairs. I didn't change other parameters for these examples to keep 
results correlated to those specific changes. 

Chat log-
    https://chatgpt.com/share/69c75909-f1c4-8332-ae99-1bdf9da86157
